Don't you remember me?
9 years ago Beiyang Cotton
I remember now.
You just skimmed past that mysterious unit
Back then, you four girls were arrogant
Trying to spread the war to China
I was ordered to lead the expedition
Destroyed your arsenal
Destroyed your armed forces
You were the only one who got away with it.
You made me Liu Lubei for ten years
Today the new haters have calculated
pairing preparation
If China supports the army
What is it?
All freeze
Put your hands up.
Everybody here.
You've been celebrating hard books lately
It's lifting early today
I urge you to confess your sins to Buddhism
Otherwise, Ding will not be able to do it today
Help you tano
Who else wants to be rich and stubborn?
Don't move the fuck
Xiaolong, what the hell are you doing?
Report sir
The criminal Lisheng gun has been taken
Can you count me as guilty?
Now you have it. Take it away.
find party
To take his wife's life
Immediately prepare a car and pass for Lao Tzu